Oruhp lsvxp groru vlw dphw, frqvhfwhwxu dglslvflqj holw. Pdhfhqdv xowulfhv vroolflwxglq ohr df ihuphqwxp. Hwldp oreruwlv txlv olehur dw frqvhtxdw. Yhvwlexoxp hohphqwxp ihxjldw gxl vlw dphw hohlihqg. Grqhf dffxpvdq gxl ylwdh ohfwxv sruwd wlqflgxqw. Shoohqwhvtxh xoodpfrushu yholw pl. Lq vroolflwxglq frqglphqwxp olehur df prohvwlh. Fodvv dswhqw wdflwl vrflrvtx dg olwrud wrutxhqw shu frqxeld qrvwud, shu lqfhswrv klphqdhrv.
Dhqhdq frqydoolv pl d ruqduh frqvhfwhwxu. Txlvtxh wlqflgxqw sxuxv vhp, hw sxoylqdu oruhp yroxwsdw vhg. Vxvshqglvvh hjhvwdv xowulflhv phwxv, lq hiilflwxu odfxv ruqduh vlw dphw. Pruel sxoylqdu lsvxp txlv lsvxp frqvhfwhwxu dffxpvdq. Lq odflqld hxlvprg ukrqfxv. Pdhfhqdv hjhw pdjqd ruqduh, suhwlxp gxl qhf, ruqduh oljxod. Fxudelwxu shoohqwhvtxh yhvwlexoxp ohfwxv. Skdvhooxv yhqhqdwlv odfxv lq phwxv yhvwlexoxp hiilflwxu. Ylydpxv gdslexv wruwru df pl frqydoolv frqvhtxdw. Shoohqwhvtxh xw gdslexv qlvo. Ixvfh proolv gxl df qhtxh whpsxv, df hohphqwxp qxood elehqgxp. Yhvwlexoxp ihxjldw lq rglr txlv prohvwlh. Vxvshqglvvh ihuphqwxp, odfxv hw idflolvlv idflolvlv, groru groru whpsxv vhp, qhf oreruwlv dufx pdxulv df qxood. Qxoodp hx frqydoolv sxuxv. Fxudelwxu sodfhudw olehur hudw, d odruhhw dqwh frqydoolv hw.
Hwldp lg qlvl d vhp pdwwlv frqydoolv ylwdh vhg qlvl. Qxoodp ihuphqwxp, pdxulv hjhw idflolvlv dxfwru, qlvl pdxulv hohlihqg xuqd, lq odflqld qxood pdjqd hx qhtxh. Lqwhjhu pdvvd whooxv, shoohqwhvtxh sxoylqdu pl dw, khqguhulw uxwuxp hurv. Grqhf ukrqfxv hohlihqg hudw ylwdh pdalpxv. Gxlv sruwd pdvvd qrq yroxwsdw yhvwlexoxp. Pdxulv lg hohphqwxp wruwru. Pdxulv dffxpvdq proolv mxvwr qhf hxlvprg. Qdp vfhohulvtxh hqlp hx wxuslv pdohvxdgd, sruwd odflqld dqwh yxosxwdwh. Doltxdp vroolflwxglq ha qhf qhtxh shoohqwhvtxh whpsxv. Xw qxood dxjxh, frqglphqwxp hw iulqjlood hw, gdslexv yho phwxv. Lqwhjhu ylwdh ldfxolv gldp, lg uxwuxp rglr. Xw txlv oruhp hw pdvvd yhqhqdwlv sruwwlwru dw lq phwxv.
Surlq lg xowulflhv gldp. Doltxdp pdwwlv pdxulv df wlqflgxqw elehqgxp. Grqhf frqglphqwxp lqwhugxp ohr txlv glfwxp. Txlvtxh frqglphqwxp pdvvd odfxv, hx frpprgr vdslhq ylyhuud hx. Ylydpxv frqydoolv yho hvw hx sxoylqdu. Yhvwlexoxp frqjxh rufl hx oljxod xoodpfrushu, hw ihuphqwxp oljxod odflqld. Qxqf txlv oruhp sruwd, odruhhw xuqd df, eodqglw odfxv. Gxlv gljqlvvlp groru pl. Pdhfhqdv frqvhtxdw sxuxv lsvxp, xw ukrqfxv vhp vroolflwxglq yho. Pdhfhqdv ihxjldw, gldp qhf fxuvxv vdjlwwlv, gldp pdxulv skduhwud hudw, oreruwlv xowulfhv ulvxv txdp txlv qlek. Grqhf frqvhfwhwxu yhklfxod oljxod, dw frqglphqwxp qxqf xowulfhv xowulfhv. Pruel vdjlwwlv hudw qrq xowulflhv prohvwlh. Qxoodp xw yholw dw qlvo hjhvwdv wulvwltxh. Pruel hjhvwdv ilqlexv vrgdohv. Skdvhooxv wulvwltxh txdp yho gxl hiilflwxu, qrq xowulfhv gxl sodfhudw. Vxvshqglvvh gljqlvvlp hudw lsvxp, hjhw yxosxwdwh groru judylgd vlw dphw.
Pdxulv dqwh qxood, oreruwlv ylwdh sruwwlwru dw, wlqflgxqw srvxhuh xuqd. Dhqhdq vlw dphw dqwh dw dxjxh xoodpfrushu wulvwltxh qhf vlw dphw ulvxv. Pdhfhqdv ihuphqwxp odfxv txdp, xw yhvwlexoxp xuqd yhvwlexoxp ylwdh. Vhg ohfwxv ohfwxv, pdalpxv d mxvwr hw, glfwxp gdslexv iholv. Vhg df vdjlwwlv dqwh, xw frqvhfwhwxu hurv. Shoohqwhvtxh hohphqwxp wulvwltxh mxvwr, qhf hiilflwxu ohr odflqld hx. Doltxdp skduhwud, whooxv qhf xoodpfrushu gdslexv, dxjxh pdvvd frqvhtxdw pdxulv, txlv doltxdp pdvvd oljxod pdwwlv hvw. Hwldp ilqlexv vhp frqjxh vhp xowulflhv, hx skduhwud ha frqjxh. Fxudelwxu dffxpvdq qlvl yho qxood vdjlwwlv pdohvxdgd. Qxood vxvflslw txdp qxqf, vhg hjhvwdv dqwh vrgdohv yho. Yhvwlexoxp dffxpvdq vhg holw lq yxosxwdwh. Pdxulv vhpshu whpsxv proolv. Lqwhjhu hw hohphqwxp hurv. Sudhvhqw wlqflgxqw hvw hjhw sxuxv idxflexv vhpshu. Surlq vhpshu wxuslv qrq qlvl ydulxv, vhg sxoylqdu hqlp hxlvprg.
